The Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha are
so beautiful
[music] The
Buddha, all Dharmas, all Bodhisattvas,
then Namo Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King
Buddha, today returning to the
[music]
water, looking at the
Namo Bhaisajyaguru,
returning to the
South Sea, it's as if we are being saved,
we are being saved.
Asking for guidance for the Buddhists to protect the
Three Jewels, resolving all the days of imprisonment and
crime
[music]
Bhaisajyaguru King Buddha.
Respectfully addressing the entire congregation, today, the mind of Han Quan, along with fellow practitioners, on behalf of the Buddhists in the club, is organizing a Release of Life ceremony on the occasion of the Bhaisajyaguru ceremony at the beginning of the Year of the Snake. Respectfully addressing the esteemed fellow practitioners, in the
Bhaisajyaguru Sutra, the Buddha taught
that to have
health and longevity, one
must
save the lives of sentient beings. Therefore,
in Buddhism,
we often organize release of life ceremonies for Buddhists. The
Bhaisajyaguru Sutra also speaks of the
desire for health and longevity, but the
essence behind the act of releasing life
must go beyond mere desire.
If we release animals simply out of a desire for
health and longevity, that is
still selfish.
But with the spirit of Buddhism,
we release animals to cultivate compassion and mindfulness.
Let me share a story about a
previous life of the Buddha. In his previous life, the Buddha was
a very large fish. In
that year, there was a drought, and the water in the
lake dried up. At
that time, only mud remained. So,
this large fish surfaced in the
water, opened its eyes, and
its eyes were very bright,
blue in color. The eyes of this fish shone so
brightly that they
reached the heavens.
Then, this fish spoke, saying, "O
King of Heaven, I am a
carnivorous fish, but since I
was born, I have never eaten my
kind. I always wish for
my kind to be happy and
safe. This is the truth. With this truth, Indra,
please make rain to save my people."
With the compassionate actions of
this large fish, the
heavens immediately moved and rain
fell, ending the
drought. Our Buddha,
living
within this cycle of rebirth,
always went against everything that
an unenlightened being
does. For example, if he lived as a human, he
went against the desires of
humans; if he lived as an animal, he
went against the evil thoughts of
animals. He practiced the Bodhisattva path,
relying solely on compassion and developing
compassion. Therefore, he always gave birth to and
loved everyone, without thinking
of himself. As for us,
entering Buddhism, we are
beginners,
not
seeking enlightenment, but because we
suffer so much that we
come to Buddhism, right, dear fellow practitioners? That's
why we can only practice at the beginner level,
doing good deeds to
gain merit. But for
Bodhisattvas...  He does good
unconditionally, solely for the purpose of developing a kind heart and
compassion.
We, as beginners, need to prioritize
our own benefit. Although we understand
karma, we know that sowing
good seeds yields good results. Therefore, when
we do good deeds, we are
sowing good seeds, hoping for blessings and good results. As
for Bodhisattvas, they do
good deeds only to develop a kind
heart and achieve compassion.
Today, all of us Buddhists,
even though we represent the
Buddhists in the club,
everyone in our club is
beginning to practice compassion, that is, cultivating Bodhicitta and
practicing Bodhi virtues.
This act of releasing animals transcends
the desire for health. Of course, as the saying goes, "what goes around comes around." If you
release animals, you must have good health. When
one person releases animals on behalf of the
club, the entire club benefits from
this blessing, not just one person.  When a Buddhist group
releases animals, only the Buddhists of the
group benefit. If one person represents the
club, the entire club
benefits. This is the merit of Bodhi.
We pray for health,
longevity, and the elimination of evil. For
animals that are bound and
imprisoned, besides health, it
also eliminates evil and
karmic consequences related to their imprisonment. For example,
in ourselves or
our families, our children may be
led astray by karmic causes to do
bad things. By
doing this act of saving lives with a
Bodhi mind, we create
karmic causes that
can transform them, preventing them from doing
bad things, except for those with
very large karmic debts from previous lives.
So, this act of releasing animals speaks of conditioned
merit, meaning the merit we
receive within the cycle of reincarnation—
health, longevity, and good
fortune—
but we pray for something greater.
Cultivate compassion, dear
friends! We must follow the example of the Buddha. Therefore, with this mindset when releasing animals, all these creatures will follow our karmic connections. When we release an animal,
that animal will also follow our karmic connections
because the entire universe is created by mind. When we
encounter these animals through the Bodhi karmic connection,
we pray that all
beings connected to us will later
enter the ocean of the Buddha's teachings,
develop Bodhi Mind, practice
Bodhi virtues, and be born into a life with
abundant blessings, encountering the true
Dharma, developing Bodhi Mind, and practicing
Bodhi virtues to spread the Buddha's teachings.
Dear friends, do you see the benefit? It is very
beneficial! I hope that all of
our Buddhists in our club,
when releasing animals, will take
Bodhi Mind as the guiding principle, nurturing compassion, and
in the present moment, dedicate the
merits to our families. So
today, as we all go to
release animals like this, we hope
that all of them...  This animal will later
become one of
our Bodhi relatives, after
many lifetimes. Then, in some lifetime,
all of us Buddhist practitioners who practice the
Bodhisattva path will also be reborn as fish.
Dear friends, in those evil realms,
we will also be saved. Dear friends, let us
continue the Bodhisattva path.
Now, let us all
clasp our hands and perform the ritual of Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. Today, on
behalf of all the Buddhist practitioners
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
practicing the Six Harmonies, we release these
animals: fish, sea bass, catfish, squid, stingray, pike, octopus, shrimp, crabs, and
sea cucumbers. We pray that
all these species, representing
all living things,
will be saved
today, just as all the animals that the
Buddhist practitioners in the National Royal Club
practicing the Six Harmonies have released and will
release in the future, may all receive increased merit and good
fortune in this final lifetime.  From the karmic
forces of future lives onwards, we are able to
enter the ocean of Buddhist teachings, cultivate
according to the true Dharma, and develop Bodhicitta. Through countless lifetimes,
we are bound by Dharma companionship with the Three Jewels, receiving constant blessings from the
Dharma Protectors, and being supported and guided in practicing
Buddhism, performing Bodhicitta deeds, developing Bodhicitta, upholding the
Three Jewels, spreading the
Dharma throughout the world, and seeking
Supreme Enlightenment. Today, we ask for the
blessings of the Three Jewels, and with our sincere practice,
we pray that all
our wishes may
come true. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
[Music]
We, your lay disciples, turn
towards the Three Jewels, seeking to learn the Nine Dharmas,
repenting of past sins, abandoning evil, doing good, and upholding the Five Precepts.
One month and one day, we uphold the Three Precepts
according to the Buddha's teachings.
Together, we develop
Bodhicitta, practice the Six Harmonies, and cultivate the
Golden Blessings, performing virtuous deeds,
protecting the Three Jewels, and spreading the Dharma throughout the
world. Today, we ask for the Great Annihilation of the Buddha, the club of young and arrogant beings, and we pray that
these beings, from this karmic connection...  The Buddha is
right here in this present moment, and
after this life, we will be reborn as human beings like
us, meeting the Buddha, taking refuge in the
Three Jewels, cultivating Bodhi mind, diligently practicing the
Dharma, harmonizing with the scriptures, and seeking the supreme path. We pray for the boundless power and blessings of
our virtuous teacher to witness and
protect our aspirations. May all our wishes be fulfilled. We also wish to dedicate the merits to our families and pray that all sentient beings, through the virtuous and true practice of the harmonious Dharma of the Buddhists in
this community, may grow in compassion, love, and kindness, abandoning evil and doing good, cultivating
virtue and practicing the righteous
Dharma in harmony with one another, and attaining great peace and happiness.
We further pray for the four great wondrous harmonies, that the
Buddha's teachings may be proclaimed far and wide, and that the
Buddha's Dharma may flourish. We
pray that the people and Buddhists, cultivating
compassion,
abandoning evil and saving sentient beings, and together with the Buddhists in this club, may eliminate evil and karmic
obstacles, and that all evil karmic consequences may be
eradicated.  If
parents are still alive in this world, may their
lifespan increase, may the family be
happy, may the children and grandchildren be joyful, may work be successful, may
illnesses be reduced, may longevity
increase, may diligence in cultivation be practiced, may the
ancestors pass away, may the
merits of cultivation increase, may the joy of cultivation be attained, and may they soon be reborn in the Pure Land.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Let
us all have 50 seconds to
cultivate compassion, may all
beings be reborn in the next life as
human beings practicing the righteous Dharma, may we
and all sentient beings abandon evil and do
good, practicing the righteous Dharma.
[Music]
Now, let us
release the animals.
Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, the Threefold Path,
Bodhi, so beautiful,
Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
[Music]
Namo, is
n't it beautiful? Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis
Lazuli Light King Buddha,
Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis
Namo Medicine Buddha,
[Music]
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye. Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis
Lazuli Light King Buddha.
King Buddha,
Buddhist Dharma, Aspiration,
Light King Buddha,
Namo Medicine
Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King
Buddha, Namo Medicine
Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King, Three to this, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha [
music] Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine
Buddha, Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha, Namo returning to the sea, one sị out, two sị out, l l Light King Buddha, Namo Medicine
Buddha,
Lapis Lazuli ...
Buddhist followers, please help the Three Jewels to
resolve all the karmic debts and imprisonment
[music] of the
Buddha of Light. Namo Bhaisajyaguru Lapis
Lazuli Light King Buddha. Namo
Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha. Namo
Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha. [
music] Namo Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha
[music] [music]
Namo Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha. Namo Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha.
This little fish is so
beautiful
[music]
Namo Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha. Namo Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King Buddha. Namo Bhaisajyaguru Lapis Lazuli Light King
Buddha.
[music]
This is a fish, a fish to release back into the sea.
Release these fish, each fish
will turn into a big fish, so beautiful. These are fish, release
these fish, release the fish, release the fish.
[music]
Oh, have you seen it? Have you seen it? Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye,
see you again.
Namo Bhaisajyaguru Buddha.  Namo Bhaisajyaguru, the King of the Medicine Buddha.
Respectfully, dear assembly, today, do you
see those animals going down to the sea? Aren't they
happy? Very happy! And furthermore, do you
see them being caught? Are
n't they terrified? Very scared. If we ignore them on the
boat, they run away. If they're not afraid, they don't
run away. That's why the Buddha said that
all sentient beings, in all
forms, are the same; they all desire to live and fear
death. We have seen that these animals are
just like humans. They get
pregnant, they carry children, just
like humans; they want to have offspring,
don't you see? And they also
want to live peacefully. Now, we
think we are different from animals,
but in reality, we are not different
because we are only separated by lifetimes. In this life, we
are human, and in the next life, we may
be animals. But even in
human life, before we die, we all
want to live, we all fear pain, and
we all long for happiness. So, when
we move on to the next life,
we are still the same, still longing for happiness.  Is it true that if
it breaks, does it
hurt? It hurts. How does it hurt when we break our arm? The same
pain does it feel when it breaks,
right? For example, if you told
me to boil it, would it hurt?
If you boiled it, it would hurt. That means
the feeling is no different from when we were
children to adults. For example,
when we cut our hand as children, even
though we
don't remember the pain of the cut hand like we did when we were children,
if we cut our hand again now,
the feeling of pain is
still the same as when we were children. Do you agree?
For example, the feeling of pain when we
fell as children is still the same now as when we are adults. It's the same in
this life and the next; the feeling
remains the same. Therefore, we have the
good fortune to know about Buddhism.
Knowing about Buddhism is the
beginning of cultivating compassion. Why cultivate
compassion? We must understand this to truly cultivate
compassion. We must understand the cycle of sentient beings
through many lifetimes and all their
thoughts, feelings, desires, and aspirations.  Nothing
changes. We only change the form.
For example, the mind of the Han family and other esteemed fellow practitioners are
different in form. Men and women may
differ in appearance, but their
desires are not different. They all
desire to have clothes to wear, they all desire a
happy family, they all desire peace. The same goes for
animals;
they all desire good health, they all desire
longevity, they all desire peace.
Do you see, esteemed friends, that when
we study Buddhism, we understand that
all sentient beings have Buddha-nature—the nature of
enlightenment—and all sentient
beings have the same spiritual nature. Only then can
we begin to cultivate compassion.
We see that they are equal to us; they
have the same desires. It's
just a difference in appearance.
For example, a tiger might eat
us, or a leopard might eat us.
We might say they are evil,
but in reality, they are just hunting for food.
They don't know that we are afraid.
We also see ourselves
hunting animals to eat, so we
know that.  It's just that we consider it our food,
but we don't know
how much fear, pain, and suffering it also experiences. It's not that
we, esteemed Great Friends, only begin to
understand this when we study Buddhist teachings and start cultivating
compassion. This means
seeing ourselves and all sentient beings as the
same, without any
difference.
Therefore, we begin to cultivate compassion.
Today, when we release
animals, we must also let our
compassionate hearts grow, our enlightened minds
grow, our empathy for all
creatures grow, our
loving hearts grow, and our
wisdom expand. If
our loving hearts are too narrow, our wisdom will be
obscured.
For example, in a family, if the wife knows how to love the husband and the
children, wouldn't their wisdom
be greater? But if the wife is
selfish and the husband is selfish, only caring for
himself and not caring for his wife,
wouldn't the husband go after other women? Wouldn't that be like living a
life of neglect?  It's not about unintentionally being ungrateful. That's
why people believe that
the greater the compassion, the higher the wisdom.
Do you see, esteemed fellow practitioners? So today, when
we release animals, we see
them swimming out, and they are very happy.
We can also relate this to when we
encounter misfortunes, when we are chased and
rescued, and we feel the
same joy. Look, esteemed fellow practitioners, remember
who has helped you from childhood to
adulthood. Do you remember everything they've done for you? Do you
remember every little detail? But what about
friendships? Someone might invite you now, then you might
invite them later. You don't remember
much of it. Even if you do remember,
it's just a game, a kind of "uncle" or "
brother" at the same time. It doesn't really
mean anything, esteemed fellow practitioners.
But if someone helps
you completely and selflessly, do you
remember? Do you remember? Yes, I remember very well.  I remember so well
how, back when I was at that monastery, doing my
duties, there was this Thanh girl. When I was
doing my duties, I would feel my
mind focusing on her, and as soon as I arrived at the monastery, I would
see her bringing over a cup of ginger and sugar tea. I had just finished sewing and was doing my duties, and then, as soon as I got back to the monastery, I felt her bringing me a cup of ginger and sugar tea. I had never asked for or
requested anything like that before, but
I remember it vividly.
At that time, I felt like I was
just expressing my gratitude. But
later, that image kept repeating
itself, and I realized that within
my own consciousness, this feeling of
gratitude is preserved.
Therefore, if we give something to someone unconditionally,
whether they are of the same or different
species, they will remember it vividly. And
in the cycle of karma, they will find each other
to repay the
debt. Because we are born...  Our connection
to our parents is karma,
and isn't karma the karma that seeks out our fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters,
wives, and husbands?
So, if we
help someone unconditionally,
their karma will find us to repay the
favor. Therefore, our act of releasing animals is
helping unconditionally. Do you all agree?
Furthermore, there's a karmic connection: we
wish for their happiness,
enlightenment, and liberation. Because we
practice sincerely, as in the
story shared by the king
at the beginning of the animal release ceremony, the
fish—the fish was a previous incarnation of the Buddha.
He looked up to the Heavenly Realm
and said that although he was
born into a
carnivorous lineage, he observed the precepts and never
ate meat from birth. He only ate
dead fish, seaweed, and algae. That's it, he absolutely refused to eat even when hungry.
Therefore, he asked
everyone to save his lineage.
We should do the same; we should also begin cultivating
compassion.  Greetings, esteemed friends! Therefore,
today we are going to release animals into the wild,
hoping that all of
us Buddhists will cultivate
compassion and enlightenment, benefiting ourselves and all sentient
beings, following the example of the
Fully Enlightened Ones. May you all rejoice.
Thank you, Chinese community.
We invite the entire congregation.  With clasped hands,
we dedicate the merit of this act of releasing animals to the Buddha Shakyamuni. We pray that
this merit may be dedicated to peace in the country, that
Buddhists may cultivate and increase their compassion, that the true
Dharma
may be proclaimed and endure for a long time in the
world, that the four assemblies may be harmonious and practice together, that all
Buddhists in the club may be freed from evil karma, including imprisonment, bondage, and
illness, and that all
those who participate
in this meritorious act of releasing animals, whether through
monetary or material contributions, or simply with joyful hearts, may all
receive
blessings. May all Buddhists and the
people who participate, as well as all the
animals released, may
increase their karmic merit for lifetimes,
relying on the Three Jewels, developing Bodhicitta, diligently
practicing Bodhisattva virtues, and seeking the
supreme path. We also recite the Eight Great Enlightenment
Sutra, dedicating
this merit to all beings. May
we, along with all the
beings released by the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum group, be able to
form karmic connections with each other.
Practicing the Bodhisattva path to supreme
enlightenment, the three enlightenments of great
beings are the teachings of the Buddha. A disciple of the Buddha should
diligently remember and contemplate these three
enlightenments: The first enlightenment: The world is impermanent; the world is
fragile; the four elements are suffering; the five realms are non-self, constantly arising and
ceasing; change, falsehood, and lack of
intention are the source of evil deeds; the body is the cessation of
karmic sins. If one observes in this way, one gradually
transcends birth and death. The second enlightenment:
Much desire leads to suffering and
retribution; birth and death arise from greed. If one has few desires and knows contentment, the
body and mind are at ease. The
third enlightenment: If the mind is not content and only worries about the three desires,
it increases evil deeds. Bodhisattvas are not like
this; they always remember worldly pleasures, joys in poverty and defilements, and wisdom is the foundation of their practice. The
fourth enlightenment: Laziness must be avoided; one must
always strive diligently to overcome suffering and
evil, subdue all demons and escape from the underworld. The
fifth enlightenment: Ignorance leads to
birth and death; therefore, Bodhisattvas always remember to study
widely and listen much to increase wisdom
and achieve eloquence, then share
great joy.  The flower of enlightenment encompasses all things. The
poor, suffering, and resentment often
create many karmic connections.
Bodhisattvas practice non-attachment, treating enemies with
equanimity, not dwelling on past grievances, and not hating
evil people. The seventh enlightenment
is the aversion to sensual pleasures. Even in the mundane world, one is
not tainted by sensual desires. Always remembering the
Buddha's teachings and the Dharma, the vows of those who
have renounced the world are always pure, practicing the Pure and Compassionate conduct. The
eighth enlightenment is the burning of suffering in the cycle of birth and
death, truly boundless. Therefore, one
should cultivate Bodhicitta, practice the path of enlightenment, and seek the path to salvation. May one take the place of all beings,
bearing
immeasurable suffering, so that all beings may attain Great
Peace and Bliss. The
Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, having attained enlightenment themselves and diligently
practiced the path of compassion and wisdom, followed the
Dharma-body to the shore of
Nirvana, then returned to the cycle of birth and death to liberate
beings. They also taught these eight things
to all beings, so that all beings would
know the suffering of birth and death, abandon the five desires, and cultivate the mind
according to the holy path. If a disciple of the
Buddha contemplates these eight things, in every
moment they will eradicate immeasurable sins and directly
attain Bodhi.  May the Buddha attain enlightenment, ending the cycle of
birth and death, and always be at peace. May the merit of this practice be dedicated to all beings in the
Dharma realm, that all beings may attain the state of non-birth, and may all defilements be eliminated, and may all beings attain true wisdom. May all beings see and be freed from suffering, and may all beings attain the highest Bodhisattva path. May
the merit of this practice be shared
throughout the ten directions, and may all
beings, including us, be able to ascend to the realm of impermanence. May we, the Buddhas,
practice the Dharma of self-refuge. May
all beings with karmic affinity in the Dharma
ceremonies of repentance and liberation of
beings in the Golden Deer Park, may all beings
attain the Dharma of self-refuge. May all beings attain the Dharma of
self-refuge, may all
beings develop the supreme aspiration of self-refuge, may all beings deeply penetrate the
Dharma, may all beings attain the
ocean of wisdom, may all beings take refuge in the Sangha. May all beings manage the great multitude.
[Music]
complete our dedication ceremony.